[main]
host = https://www.transifex.net
lang_map = en:en_US

[ushahidi-localizations.alerts]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/alerts.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/alerts.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.auth]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/auth.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/auth.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.bug]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/bug.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/bug.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.category]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/category.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/category.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.comments]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/comments.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/comments.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.contact]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/contact.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/contact.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.core]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/core.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/core.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.database]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/database.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/database.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.datetime]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/datetime.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/datetime.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.feeds]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/feeds.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/feeds.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.footer]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/footer.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/footer.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.form]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/form.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/form.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.imap]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/imap.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/imap.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.installer]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/installer.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/installer.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.layer]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/layer.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/layer.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.libraries]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/libraries.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/libraries.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.maintenance]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/maintenance.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/maintenance.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.message]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/message.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/message.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.mhi]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/mhi.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/mhi.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.notifications]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/notifications.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/notifications.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.page]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/page.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/page.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.permissions]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/permissions.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/permissions.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.private_message]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/private_message.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/private_message.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.report]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/report.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/report.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.reporters]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/reporters.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/reporters.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.reports]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/reports.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/reports.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.roles]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/roles.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/roles.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.settings]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/settings.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/settings.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.sharing]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/sharing.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/sharing.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.stats]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/stats.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/stats.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.tooltips]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/tooltips.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/tooltips.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.ui_admin]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/ui_admin.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/ui_admin.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.ui_main]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/ui_main.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/ui_main.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO

[ushahidi-localizations.upgrade]
file_filter = po/po-<lang>/upgrade.po
source_file = po/po-en_US/upgrade.pot
source_lang = en_US
type = PO
